the sound at promotion is the newest
and most innovative device of tools at
series of sound on promotion possible
it is visible to them unauthorized access
to protect their private spaces
The device is very small and can be
hide easily and unnoticed
on the front is the
Motion detector of all movements in
recognizes a radius of five meters
and recognize a movement as soon as possible
has been on somehow already
wish number calls below the
sensors is the sim card tray
as well as the microphone with which they all
Noises and conversations within one
area can listen to ten meters
on tons at promotion is also a usb
connection installed
with the help of the internal battery
of the supplied cable and
Power adapters can charge in the
standby with activated
Motion detection keeps these three acutely
up to five days and without
motion detection whole eight to twelve
days for use with this device
you need a sim card without simple
You can easily do this by anyone
commercial sim card with help
of a mobile phone to remove the simple
as soon as you add a sim card in the sound
have inserted bio launches the device
automatically after a few seconds
the device also connects to the gsm
network is built and you can call it
after two to three call signs, that takes
listening device the call automatically
against and you can all talk
in a radius of ten meters
listen in unnoticed
the principle in principle is always about that
same we have to be a mass human
the motion detection of the clay in
they only have to activate one
text the content four times the one
the number of the impulse sim
cards
as soon as a movement is detected
she calls the interception wannsee automatically
on the number of the
activation sms was sent to the
disable motion detection
just send an sms with the
content four times zero to tone 2
promotion as you can see, the sound is included
blue motion is the ideal gadget for you
private environment and your premises
to monitor and unnoticed
to be able to participate in discussions
order your ton 2 today
www.abda.de